##### How many rows? Columns? What do each represent?
  - Rows = 506
  - Columns = 14
  - Each row is a suburb of boston (town near boston)
  - columns:
    - crim : per capita crime rate for town
    - zn : proportion of residential land zoned for lots over 25k sq ft
    - indus : proportion of non-retail business acres per town
    - chas : 1 if housing areas bound a river 0 otherwise
    - nox : nitrogen oxide concentration pp 10 million
    - rm : average no. rooms per dwelling
    - age : proportion of owner-occupied units built before 1940
    - dis : weighted mean of distances to 5 Boston employment centres
    - rad : index of accessibility to radial highways
    - tax : full-value property-tax rate per 10k$
    - ptratio : pupil to teacher ratio for the town
    - black : function applied to proportion of blacks by town: 1000(Bk - 0.63)^2
    - lstat : lower status of population (percentage)
    - medv : the median value of owner occupied homes in 1k$
##### Describe findings in pairwise scatter plots
  - There seems to be a negative correlation between the lower status of the population and the median value of owner-occupied homes in the $1000s.
  - Looks to me like there is a relationship that looks like a linear one between average no. of rooms per dwelling and median value of owner occupied homes in the $1000s.
  - There also appears to be a relationship between the lower status of the population and the proportion of owner occupied units built before 1940. The higher the proportion of population that is lower status the more likely that a higher percentage of the owner occupied homes in that area are built before 1940.
  - Looks to me like there are higher concentrations of nitrogen oxides in the air the closer you get to those 5 boston employment centres.
  - Looks to me like the crime rate per capita trends down the further you get from the employment centres.
##### Any predictors associated with per-capita crime-rate? If so, explain the relationship.
  - proportion of residential land zoned for lots over 24k sq ft, looks like the crime rate for all but the lowest proportions is close to zero.
  - proportion of non-retail business acres per town, looks like it's all near zero except a vertical line around the 20% area.
  - The river dummy variable is also indicative, as all the areas where it's set to 1 are showing low levels of crime per capita.
  - Proportion of owner occupied units built before 1940 looks like it has a positive correlation with crime per capita by town.
  - distance to those 5 employment centres looks like it has a negative correlation to the crime per capita by town.
  - looks to me like the areas with a high index of accessibility to radial highways show varying levels of crime per capita while other areas with a low index show close to zero.
  - Tax and pupul to teacher ration show similar vertical lines.
  - median value of owner occupied homes looks like it has a negative correlation with the crime rate per capita.
##### Do any of the suburbs of Boston appear to have particularly high crime rates? Tax rates? Pupil-teacher ratios? Comment on the range of each predictor.
  - Suburbs 428, 399, 405, 415, 411, 406, 419 and 381 all have crime per capita higher than 37. This is pretty wild consdering the 3rd Qu. for this column is 3.67. 419 has the highest at 88.97620
  - Suburbs 489, 490, 491, 492 and 493 all have tax rates larger than the 3rd Qu. for this column at 711 each. The 3rd Quartile is at 666 for this column. 
  - None of the suburbs are too far away from the 3rd Qu. for the pupil to teacher ratio.
  - The crime rate has a massive range [0.00632, 88.97620]
  - The tax rate also has a large range of [187, 711]
  - The pupil to teacher ratio doesn't have as large of a range as those other values since it's max is less than twice the min. [12.60, 22.00]
##### How many of the suburbs in this data set bound the Charles river?
  - of the 506 suburbs in the data-set, 35 bound the charles river.
##### What is the median pupil-teacher ratio among towns in this dataset?
  - The median for this value is 19.05 pupils to a teacher.
##### Which suburb of Boston has lowest median value of owner-occupied homes? What are the values of the other predictors for that suburb and how do those values compare to the overall ranges for those predictors? Comment on your findings.
  - Using `Boston[which.min(Boston$medv),]` we're able to see that suburb 399 has the smallest value for the median value of owner-occupied homes at 5. Values for `crim`, `zn`, `indus`, `chas`, `nox`, `rm`, `age`, `dis`, `rad`, `tax`, `ptratio`, `black`, and `lstat` are: `38.3518`, `0`, `18.1`, `0`, `0.693`, `5.453`, `100`, `1.4896`, `24`, `666`, `20.2`, `396.9`, `30.59` and `5` respectively.
  - The crime rate looks like it is well above the 3rd quartile for the column which is 3.677, but still below the max observed at around 88. For this data-set I'd say this is high.
  - The proportion of residential land zoned for lots over 25k sq ft looks like it's in the 1st quartile of the data observed, this is low.
  - The proportion of non-retail business acres per town is right on the 3rd quartile of observed data which is 18.10. This seems like it's high up there.
  - Looks like this suburb is not next to water, which is like most of the other observations.
  - This suburb has a high concentration of nitrogen oxide in pp 10 million, it's above the 3rd quartile which is 0.6240.
  - This suburb has a low number of average rooms per dwelling at 5.453--this is within the first quartile which is 5.886.
  - This suburb is on-par with the highest observed ratio of proportion of owner-occupied units built before 1940.
  - This suburb is one of the closest with regards to distance to those employment centres, it's within the first quartile.
  - This suburb is one of the ones with the highest index for access to radial highways--it's on the 3rd quartile and the max with 24.
  - This suburb is highly taxed being right on the 3rd quartile at 666.
  - This suburb has pupil to teacher ratio right on the 4rd quartile which is 20.2.
  - This suburb has a concentration of african americans on-par with the max observed at 396.90.
  - This suburb has a high lower status of the population with 30.59 which puts this suburb above the 3rd quartile for that column.
  - This suburb has the least median value of owner occupied homes in thousands of dollars, the minimum observed is the value for this suburb at 5k$.
##### In this data set how many of the suburbs average more than seven rooms per dwelling? More than eight rooms per dwelling? Comment on the suburbs that average more than eight rooms per dwelling.
  - Using `Boston[Boston$rm > 7,]` I'm seeing 64 suburbs that average more than 7 rooms per dwelling.
  - Using `Boston[Boston$rm > 8,]` I'm seeing 13 suburbs average more than 8 rooms per dwelling.
    - These suburbs have a small crime rate, all of them are below the mean.
    - These suburbs vary in their proportion of residentail land zoned for lots over 25k sq ft, all but one which is 95% are at or below 22%. Of those non-zero entries, all are above the 3rd quartile.
    - These suburbs are spread out in terms of the `indus` variable, most entries are below the mean.
    - Only two of these 13 suburbs bound a river.
    - Most of the entries for these suburbs with regards to `nox` are below the 3rd quartile.
    - All of these suburbs are at or near the max for average rooms per dwelling (that's why we picked them though :)
    - Most of these are near or above the 3rd quartile for the `age` variable with the exception of one suburb (254).
    - Skipping other variables up to `lstat`...
    - These suburbs are near or below the 1st quartile which is 6.95 for the `lstat` variable, maybe this is indicative of higher room count?
    - These suburbs are all above the 3rd quartile in `medv`, but we've seen a relationship between `rm` and `medv` in the pairwise plots so this may be expected.
