```
You will now think of some real-life applications for statistical learning.
```
##### (a) Describe three real-life applications in which classiﬁcation might be useful. Describe the response, as well as the predictors. Is the goal of each application inference or prediction? Explain your answer.
  - Automatically Accepting Merge/Pull Requests
    - Response is whether to accept a request or forward it to a reviewer for comments.
    - Predictors could include: code quality report outputs (percent code coverage, mutation coverage, etc.),
      acceptance test suite outputs, language linter outputs and no. of changes (line changes).
  - Detecting REST component outages
    - Response is whether REST component is healthy (positive class = healthy, negative = unhealthy)
    - Predictors could include: HTTP response time, HTTP response code, HTTP response contents
  - Issuing policies
    - Response is whether to issue a policy to an applicant or forward to human
    - Predictors could include: FICO score, no. of driving tickets in time-frame, no. of past claims
##### (b) Describe three real-life applications in which regression might be useful. Describe the response, as well as the predictors. Is the goal of each application inference or prediction? Explain your answer.
  - Credit
    - Response is how much credit to pre-approve someone for
    - Predictors could include: FICO score, how many late payments have been made, length of credit history
  - Stock Value
    - Response is what value a stock will have tomorrow
    - Predictors could include: no. of positive/negative news stories naming the stock, stock past several days value
  - Grades
    - Response could be what expected grade a student will achieve
    - Predictors could include: current assignments & their grades, past course performance, years of schooling
##### (c) Describe three real-life applications in which cluster analysis might be useful.
  - Market Segmentation
    - Response could be what are different groups of customers most interested in.
    - Predictors could include: past purchases, no. of purchases, amount of purchases
  - Determining Mobile Phone Location
    - Response could be what is the most likely location of a mobile phone.
    - Predictors could include: time between signal response from various locations.
  - Determining Player Skill Level
    - Response could be what skill level a player in a game has achieved
    - Predictors could include: player actions per minute, player game outcomes, player interactions with teammates


